[All hosts](manifest) Add note about omitting GetStarted element (#2944)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/reference/manifest/getstarted.md

---
title: GetStarted element in the manifest file
description: Provides information used by the callout that appears when the add-in is installed in Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote.
ms.date: 09/17/2021
ms.localizationpriority: medium
---

# GetStarted element

> Provides information used by the callout that appears when the add-in is installed in Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote. The **GetStarted** element is a child element of [DesktopFormFactor](desktopformfactor.md). If the **GetStarted** element is omitted, the callout will use the values from the [DisplayName](displayname) and [Description](description.md) elements instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides information used by the callout that appears when the add-in is installed in Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote. The **GetStarted** element is a child element of [DesktopFormFactor](desktopformfactor.md). If the **GetStarted** element is omitted, the callout uses the values from the [DisplayName](displayname) and [Description](description.md) elements instead.
```
